Girl: DUEL MONSTER
CARDS CAN BE GROUPED
INTO NORMAL MONSTER CARDS,
FUSION MONSTER
CARDS,
RITUAL MONSTER CARDS,
EFFECT MONSTER CARDS,
TRAP CARDS,
AND SPELL CARDS.
TRAP CARDS CAN BE DIVIDED
INTO NORMAL TRAPS,
COUNTER TRAPS,
AND CONTINUOUS TRAPS.
SPELL CARDS CAN BE
SEPARATED INTO NORMAL SPELLS,
CONTINUOUS SPELLS,
EQUIP SPELLS,
QUICK-PLAY SPELLS,
RITUAL SPELLS,
AND FIELD SPELLS.
PERFECT!
WELL DONE, ALEXIS!
OF COURSE, I WOULDN'T
EXPECT ANYTHING LESS
FROM ONE OF MY
BLUE OBELISKS!
YES, DR. CROWLER.
HMM...
NOW, WHO SHOULD
WE QUESTION NEXT?
YOU, SYRUS TRUESDALE!
[GASPS]
EXPLAIN TO THE CLASS
WHAT A FIELD SPELL
IS, PLEASE.
UMM...
A FIELD SPELL IS,
UH, IT'S THE...
THING THAT AFFECTS
THE THING THAT IS, UH...
Boy: EVEN PRE-DUELERS
KNOW THE ANSWER TO THIS,
YOU SLIFER SLACKER!
[LAUGHTER]
NO, I KNOW!
IT'S UH, UH...
HMM.
RELAX, SY.
YOU TOTALLY
GOT THIS.
I THINK NOT.
SIT DOWN.
NOW WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE
GIVE ME THE ANSWER--
PREFERABLY SOMEONE
NOT WEARING RED, THANK YOU.
[LAUGHTER]
I BLEW IT.
I'VE MADE ALL
THE SLIFERS LOOK BAD.
YOU KNOW
SOMETHING, TEACH...
HUH?
YOU REALLY SHOULDN'T
GO AND MAKE FUN
OF US SLIFERS
LIKE THAT.
HUH?!
I MEAN,
I'M A SLIFER,
AND I BEAT YOU.
SO, WHEN YOU
MAKE FUN OF US,
YOU'RE REALLY MAKING
FUN OF YOURSELF!
[GASPS]
[STIFLED SCREAM]
[CHUCKLING]
Crowler, thinking:
THAT'S IT!
I WILL NOT TOLERATE
THIS SLACKER
AT MY SCHOOL
FOR ANOTHER SECOND.
I'LL SEE TO IT
HE'S TAKEN DOWN!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
SO, AS SOME OF YOU
STUDENTS KNOW,
MY NAME IS PROFESSOR
LYMAN BANNER.
I SPECIALIZE IN SOME OF
THE LESSER KNOWN TACTICS
AND STRATEGIES IN
THE WORLD OF DUEL MONSTERS--
SOME THAT A FEW MIGHT EVEN
CONSIDER TO BE UNNATURAL--
DUEL ALCHEMY,
FOR EXAMPLE.
OH, BY THE WAY,
THANKS, JADEN.
SURE. NO PROB.
FOR WHAT?
STICKING UP FOR ME.
HUH? HMM.
HUH? UH-OH.
I'M THINKING
I MIGHT HAVE TO
DO IT AGAIN
IN A SECOND.
SYRUS!
[GASPS]
YEAH?
DO ME A FAVOR
AND GRAB PHARAOH,
WOULD YOU?
UH...PHARAOH?!
UNLESS YOU ARE MINORING
AS A SCRATCH POST.
[MEOW]
[GRUNTS]
[LAUGHTER]
[GROWLING]
HOW DARE THAT SLIFER
SLACKER JADEN
MAKE A MOCKERY OF ME
IN FRONT OF MY
CLASS LIKE THAT!
IT'LL BE THE LAST MISTAKE
HE MAKES AT THIS ACADEMY!
[HUMMING]
AAH!
THE BIG KISS-OFF!
[LAUGHTER]
HMM?
I WONDER WHERE SY IS?
[CHUCKLING]
NOW, TO PLANT THE BAIT
WHERE JADEN WILL
BE SURE TO FIND IT.
AH! HIS SHOES!
[CHUCKLING]
HI, EVERYONE!
MY NAME IS FONDA FONTAINE,
AND I'LL BE YOUR GYM
INSTRUCTOR FOR THIS SEMESTER!
YOU READY TO SWEAT?!
LOUSY GIRLS GYM!
THEY SHOULD MAKE
THE SIGN BIGGER.
HEY, THOSE ARE
JADEN'S SNEAKERS.
GUESS HE'S STILL
BORROWING MY LOCKER.
HUH?
[GASPS]
BUT THIS
ISN'T JADEN'S!
HUH?
SOMEONE WROTE
ME A LETTER?!
WONDER WHAT IT SAYS.
"SINCE THE MOMENT I FIRST
SAW YOU, I'VE BEEN...
"IN LOVE WITH YOU!?
"MEET ME TONIGHT
BEHIND THE GIRL'S DORM.
"ENDEARINGLY...
ALEXIS RHODES!"?
[GRUNTS]
OH, THIS SURE IS
A LOT BETTER
THAN WHAT MY MOM
USUALLY WRITES ME...
SYRUS!
ALEXIS!
[LAUGHTER]
PLEASE BE MINE.
OH, I'M YOURS!
HEY, SY, THE OUTHOUSE
IS ALL YOURS
IF YOU WANT IT.
I'M DONE.
Boy: SY'S GONZO.
HUH?
YEAH, HE JUST LEFT--
AND HE WAS IN A REAL
GOOD MOOD, TOO.
A GOOD MOOD?
THAT REALLY DOESN'T
SOUND LIKE SYRUS.
ALEXIS!
I'M COMING FOR
YOU MY DARLING,
I'M COMING!
[STRAINING]
Girl: HEY, ALEXIS,
WANT TO CHILL OUT
IN THE OBELISK WADING POOL?
Alexis: NO, THANKS.
WE'LL WADE
AND THE GUYS WILL RAGE.
I'M NOT IN THE MOOD
FOR A GAME OF
TACKLE MARCO POLO.
HELLO!
GIRLS' DORM!
NO GUYS ALLOWED,
REMEMBER?
THIS WILL BE PERFECT--
THANKS TO THAT FAUX LOVE
LETTER THAT I WROTE!
JADEN WILL SHOW UP
LOOKING FOR ALEXIS,
BUT ALL HE'LL FIND
IS TROUBLE INSTEAD!
ONCE HE ARRIVES,
I'LL SNAP
A PICTURE OF HIM.
HA HA!
[GRUNTS]
AND THEN...
I WILL HAVE CAUGHT
HIM RED-HANDED
BREAKING CAMPUS RULES--
HE WILL BE RUINED!
[PANTING]
Girl: CAN YOU BELIEVE
WHAT THAT JADEN KID
SAID TO DR. CROWLER
IN CLASS TODAY?
HE'S GOT SOME NERVE TO TALK
TO A TEACHER LIKE THAT.
COMPLETELY
DISRESPECTFUL!
DON'T YOU THINK, ALEXIS?
ACTUALLY, I THOUGHT
IT WAS KIND OF COOL.
HMM.
WHAT?! HIM--COOL?!
HE COULD BE--
IF HE HAD THE TALENT
TO BACK UP THAT
TALK, MAYBE...
Alexis: I THINK HE JUST MIGHT.
STILL, I WON'T KNOW
UNTIL I DUEL HIM MYSELF.
HUH?
COME, JADEN!
RIGHT INTO MY TRAP LIKE
THE SLIFER SAP YOU ARE!
ALEXIS?!
THAT'S NOT JADEN!
IT'S THAT STAMMERING
FIELD SPELL NITWIT!
WHO'S THERE?!
[GASPS]
IT'S A BOY!
I AM NOT A BOY!
I'M A MAN--
I MEAN, OH,
JUST FORGET IT!
YOU DON'T KNOW ME!
[SCREAMS]
OH.
[GIRLS YELLING]
LET GO, PLEASE!
HUH?!
NOT UNTIL YOU TELL
US WHY YOU'RE HERE!
AND IT BETTER BE GOOD!
A LOVE LETTER
FROM ALEXIS?
YOU'VE GOT
TO BE KIDDING.
YEP! ASK HER!
[GIGGLES]
UM, HELLO,
LIKE ALEXIS
IS REALLY TALL,
AND YOU'RE REALLY SHORT.
SHE'S REALLY GOOD
AT DUELING,
AND YOU'RE REALLY NOT.
SHE'S REALLY HOT--
BUT IT'S TRUE,
JUST TELL THEM, ALEXIS!
I EVEN HAVE
THE NOTE RIGHT HERE!
LOOK, SEE?!
OH.
HUH?
SYRUS, MY NAME'S
NOT EVEN SPELLED
RIGHT THERE.
SORRY,
SYRUS,
BUT I THINK
SOMEONE IS
YANKING YOUR
CHAIN HERE.
SO THEN
YOU DON'T LOVE ME?
HEY, WAIT A SECOND--
THIS NOTE IS MADE OUT
TO JADEN YUKI.
WHAT? JADEN?!
BUT...
OH.
Syrus: SO, I CAN'T EVEN
GET A FAKE LOVE LETTER.
I'M SORRY, SYRUS...
ME, TOO.
I DON'T BUY IT.
WHAT?
HE COULD'VE
WRITTEN THE NOTE
TO HAVE AN EXCUSE
TO COME HERE!
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING,
THAT WE SHOULD
REPORT HIM FOR
TRESPASSING THEN?
BUT I WAS INVITED!
I SWEAR!
GIRLS, JUST WHAT
ON EARTH IS GOING
ON DOWN THERE?
[NERVOUS GIGGLES]
ALL RIGHT,
WHAT'S UP?
Syrus: YOU GUYS
ARE HEAVY!
BEG YOUR PARDON!
MAYBE YOU'RE
JUST BRITTLE!
GEE, SORRY,
MS. FONTAINE,
WE'LL MAKE SURE TO
KEEP A LID ON THINGS!
WELL, I SHOULD
HOPE SO--
IT'S NEARLY MIDNIGHT--
AND I HAVE PILATES
IN THE MORNING!
SO, WHAT NOW?
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT NOW, GIRLS...
HMM...
I SAY WE USE SY HERE
AS A KIND OF BAIT
TO FIND OUT WHAT WE WERE
WONDERING ABOUT BEFORE.
HMM.
JUST HOW GOOD
JADEN REALLY IS.
AND I THINK I KNOW JUST HOW
WE CAN GET HIM TO
SHOW US HIS BEST!
Jaden: 300
MOVE COMBO--YES!
[BEEPING]
HMM?
[DISTORTED VOICE]
WE HAVE YOUR
ROOMMATE, SYRUS.
IF YOU WANT HIM BACK,
COME TO THE GIRL'S
DORMS NOW.
ALONE.
OH, SYRUS.
[GASPING]
YOU TRY TO EXPEL ONE KID
AND THE ENTIRE WORLD
TURNS AGAINST YOU!
[CREAKING]
HUH?
YOU'RE A LITTLE LATE.
HI, JADEN.
HEY.
SO, WHAT EXACTLY
IS GOING ON HERE?
WELL, UH...
TO MAKE A LONG
STORY SHORT...
I'M BASICALLY
A BIG LOSER.
YOUR FRIEND
HERE TRESPASSED
INTO THE GIRL'S CAMPUS!
IS THAT TRUE,
SY?
HEY, IT'S NOT
LIKE THAT!
AND NOW THAT
YOU'RE HERE, JADEN,
YOU'RE TRESPASSING, TOO!
THAT'S RIGHT,
SO IF YOU DON'T WANT
US TO TURN YOU IN,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO WIN YOUR FREEDOM
BY BEATING ME
IN A DUEL RIGHT NOW!
BUT IF YOU TURN US IN,
WE'LL BE EXPELLED!
DON'T WORRY, SY,
I'M WON'T LET
THAT HAPPEN!
NOW, LET'S DUEL,
ALEXIS!
HMM.
Syrus: I HOPE
YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE DOING, JADEN.
HMM.
Crowler:
WELL, WELL, WELL.
A SLIFER VERSUS
AN OBELISK!
PUT HIM IN HIS PLACE,
ALEXIS!
READY?!
OH, YEAH!
DUEL!
GET YOUR GAME ON,
ALEXIS!
[GASPS]
HERE WE GO.
Alexis: ALL RIGHT!
LET'S SEE!
HMM.
ETOILE CYBER, RISE!
AND I'M ALSO GOING
TO PLAY ONE CARD FACEDOWN!
TIME TO THROW DOWN!
FIRST...YES!
I'LL SUMMON
THE ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN.
AND NOW I'LL
HAVE HIM ATTACK
YOUR ETOILE CYBER
WITH...
STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
[GROWLS]
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
CARD DOBLE PASSE!
[GRUNTS]
HUH?!
DOBLE PASSE CHANGES
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK
TO A DIRECT ATTACK
ON ME!
AND NOW MY MONSTER THAT
YOU WERE ABOUT TO ATTACK
GETS TO WAGE A DIRECT
ATTACK ON YOU!
GREAT.
OH, AND WHEN ETOILE CYBER
ATTACKS SOMEONE DIRECTLY,
HER ATTACK POINTS
INCREASE BY 600.
[SCREAMS]
[GRUNTS]
JADEN!
THAT ALEXIS IS
SOMETHING ELSE!
SACRIFICING HER
OWN LIFE POINTS
JUST SO THAT SHE
COULD GET TO MINE?
SO, YOU IMPRESSED?
HMM!
IMPRESSED?
I THINK I'M IN LOVE.
YOU'RE SWEET.
TOO BAD I HAVE
TO CRUSH YOU.
NOW THEN...
WHERE WERE WE?
OOH.
I PLAY BLADE SKATER!
AND I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD POLYMERIZATION
TO FUSE ETOILE CYBER
AND BLADE SKATER TOGETHER
TO SUMMON CYBER BLADER!
OH.
NOW, CYBER BLADER,
ATTACK SPARKMAN
WITH WHIRLWIND RAGE!
[GRUNTING]
WELL, SO MUCH FOR HIM.
WAY TO GO, ALEXIS!
YEAH, YOU
GOT HIM NOW!
I KNEW WHEN THIS KID
BEAT DR. CROWLER
IT WAS JUST LUCK!
WELL, IT'LL BE
MY PLEASURE
TO PROVE
YOU WRONG!
MY DRAW!
ALL RIGHT, PERFECT!
I ACTIVATE
THE FIELD SPELL CARD
FUSION GATE!
NOW I CAN SUMMON
FUSION MONSTERS
WITHOUT
A POLYMERIZATION CARD.
AND I'M GONNA
SUMMON THIS ONE:
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
[ROARS]
OK.
IT LOOKS LIKE IT'S GOING
TO BE ONE FUSION MONSTER
AGAINST ANOTHER,
HUH, JADEN?
THAT'S FINE BY ME!
ALTHOUGH...
HUH?
SINCE THEY HAVE THE EXACT
SAME ATTACK POINTS...
THEY'RE JUST GOING
TO DESTROY EACH OTHER.
NOT AFTER I PLAY THIS,
THEY WON'T!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD KISHIDO SPIRIT!
NOW WINGMAN CAN
TAKE DOWN ANY MONSTER
THAT HAS THE SAME
ATTACK POINTS AS HIM
AND NOT BE DESTROYED.
AND, THANKS TO
HIS SUPERPOWER--
ONCE HE DESTROYS
YOUR BLADER,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO HER ATTACK POINTS!
NOW GO, FLAME WINGMAN,
AND ATTACK CYBER BLADER!
[SNARL]
[THINKING]
SOMEONE HASN'T DONE
THEIR HOMEWORK.
[ROARING]
WHAT?
HOW DID SHE SURVIVE
MY WINGMAN'S ATTACK?
SIMPLE!
HUH?
CYBER BLADER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
MAKES IT SO SHE
CAN'T BE DESTROYED
BY AN OPPONENT WITH
ONLY ONE MONSTER.
BUT THEN...
THEN THAT WOULD
MEAN THAT...
NEITHER OF US LOSE
ANY LIFE POINTS.
HMM.
WELL, I GUESS
YOU GOT ME.
OH, WHEN I GET YOU,
JADEN,
BELIEVE ME,
YOU'LL KNOW IT.
HMM!
LIKE RIGHT NOW,
FOR EXAMPLE.
I EQUIP MY SPELL FUSION
WEAPON TO CYBER BLADER.
UH-OH.
I THINK YOU
MIGHT WANT TO
GO, BLADER!
ATTACK THE FLAME WINGMAN
WITH TRIDENT SHOCK!
[GRUNTS]
UH-OH.
YOUR LIFE POINTS ARE
LOOKING PRETTY LOW.
HOPE YOU DIDN'T UNPACK
YOUR BAGS HERE YET!
YEAH, BECAUSE
IF YOU LOSE,
YOU'RE BOTH
GETTING EXPELLED.
WE ARE?!
THAT'S NOT GOING
TO HAPPEN, SY.
PROMISE.
[THINKING]
HMM.
I HOPE I'M NOT
MAKING A PROMISE
I CAN'T DELIVER...
THE ONLY CARD I HAVE
OUT IS FUSION GATE.
BUT THERE'S STILL
A CHANCE I CAN WIN.
IT JUST ALL DEPENDS ON
WHAT I DRAW RIGHT HERE...
RIGHT NOW!
AH! HERE GOES!
PERFECT!
OH!
I PLAY...
THE ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN!
RISE UP!
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
MONSTER REBORN!
SO COME ON BACK,
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN!
WHAT DIFFERENCE
WILL HE MAKE?
MY CYBER BLADER
HAS WAY MORE ATTACK
POINTS THAN HIM.
YOUR SPARKMAN
WON'T STAND A CHANCE.
HE WON'T, BUT
WITH FUSION GATE'S
SPECIAL EFFECT,
I CAN FUSE HIM
AND CLAYMAN TOGETHER
TO SUMMON SOMEONE
WHO WILL!
RISE, ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
[WHIMPERING]
[ROARS]
HATE TO
BREAK IT TO YOU...
BUT MY CYBER BLADER'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE STILL HIGHER
AT 3,600!
YEAH, I KNOW,
I KNOW.
BUT ONE OF THUNDER
GIANT'S ABILITIES
IS THAT HE CAN
DESTROY ANY MONSTER
WHOSE ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS
ARE LESS THAN
HIS OWN!
WAIT! ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS?!
THAT'S RIGHT--
ATTACK POINTS WITHOUT
ANY KIND OF ENHANCEMENT!
BUT BEFORE I PLAYED
FUSION WEAPON,
HER ATTACK POINTS
WERE JUST 2,100!
EXACTLY!
AND THAT'S LOWER THAN
MY HERO THUNDER GIANT'S,
SO YOUR BLADER IS
AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYED!
[GROWLS]
[SCREAMS]
AND THE COOLEST PART
OF IT IS, ALEXIS...
I'M STILL HAVE
HIS ATTACK LEFT
TO USE ON YOU!
VOLTIC THUNDER!
[SCREAMS]
[WHIMPERS]
[GRUNTS]
ALEXIS!
UH, WHAT JUST
HAPPENED?
YEAH!
ALL RIGHT!
LOOKS LIKE
THAT IS GAME!
Jaden: WELL,
A DEAL'S A DEAL!
I WON, SO WE
GET OFF FREE!
OK, GUYS,
I WON'T BACK OUT.
WE'LL KEEP QUIET ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED TONIGHT.
WELL, IF YOU ASK ME,
I THINK WE SHOULD TURN BOTH
OF THEM IN RIGHT NOW!
WELL, NO ONE
ASKED YOU!
ALEXIS?
JADEN BEAT ME IN THE DUEL
FAIR AND SQUARE,
AND THAT'S ALL
THERE IS TO IT.
WELL, THERE'S MORE
TO IT THAN THAT!
IT WAS A CLOSE!
HMM?
YEAH.
YOU GOT GAME.
HUH?!
LATER!
[THINKING]
HMM...
EVEN IF I DID WIN...
I COULD NEVER HAVE
TURNED THOSE TWO IN.
THIS PLACE IS A LOT
MORE FUN WITH THEM
THAN WITHOUT.
[THINKING]
I'VE NEVER SEEN ALEXIS
ACT THIS WAY BEFORE.
I WONDER--IS SHE ACTUALLY
FALLING FOR THAT SLIFER?
[GROWL]
HMM!
LUCKY BRAT!
HE ESCAPED THIS TIME,
BUT I'LL STILL FIND
A WAY TO EXPEL HIM--
AFTER I FIND A WAY HOME.